AWS: mutualize shared content (#718)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: _shared_content/operations_center/integrations/aws_create_sqs_queue.md

### Create a SQS queue

This integration relies on S3 Event Notifications (SQS) to discover new S3 objects.

To enable the S3 Event Notification:

> 1. Create a queue  in the SQS service according [this guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSDeveloperGuide/sqs-configure-create-queue.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a queue in the SQS service by following [this guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSDeveloperGuide/sqs-configure-create-queue.html)
```

2. In the Access Policy step, choose the advanced configuration and adapt this configuration sample with your own SQS Amazon Resource Name (ARN) (the main change is the Service directive allowing S3 bucket access):
    ```json
    {
      "Version": "2008-10-17",
      "Id": "__default_policy_ID",
      "Statement": [
        {
          "Sid": "__owner_statement",
          "Effect": "Allow",
          "Principal": {
            "Service": "s3.amazonaws.com"
          },
          "Action": "SQS:*",
          "Resource": "arn:aws:sqs:XXX:XXX"
        }
      ]
    }
    ```

!!! note

>     Please, keep in mind, you have to create the SQS queue in the same region as the S3 bucket you want to watch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Keep in mind that you have to create the SQS queue in the same region as the S3 bucket you want to watch.
```
